Wait, Luna's gone missing?
Yeah, I haven't seen her
around the house in almost a
week.
That's odd. It's not like her
to just disappear.
You think something happened
to her?
(Mako) Like she got hit by a
car?
(Ami) Or taken to the pound?
Or maybe she's become part of
a shamisen band, you know what
I mean?
Minako!
Okay, yeah, that
wasn't funny, sorry.
(Mako) Anyway...
(Rei) We put up a lot of flyers.
All we can do now is wait.
[gasp] Look, it's Yaten!
(Rei) He's so cool!
Hey.
Huh?
(Artemis) That cat!
Cute cat you've got there.
She's like family.
(Minako) Is that Luna?!
(Ami) Looks like her.
It's definitely her.
Yup, that's her.
What's she doing there?
(Reporter) Can you smile for the
camera, kitty?
[giggles]
(Usagi) "Luna's Discovery: The
Real Face of Yaten."
You'd think he'd look more
guilty!
No need to talk about him like
he was a thief.
Shouldn't we just go over
there and ask him directly?
That's right, we'll demand an
explanation.
How exactly did Luna get to be
on TV with Yaten before I did?!
Really?
I'll ask him.
S'cuse me?
[gasps] We're totally not
stalking! Huh?
You're Usagi Tsukino from
class one, right?
Me? Yeah.
Would you take this?
(Mako) A love letter?
[gasps]
[embarrassed]
I see. Well, that's a really
sweet gesture. But, you see,
there already is someone...
[sighs] There is?
Oh, come on, don't cry. I'm
sure that the right someone
will come along one day.
And that doesn't mean we can't
be friends in the meantime.
Huh? Oh, you mean you're the
one who's in a relationship.
You're making me blush.
Thank goodness! Well, will you
just give this to Yaten
please? Bye!
[embarrassed]
She really thought that love
letter was for her, didn't
you?
What would have been so strange
about that? It would've been a
lovely gesture, I think.
Er! It's nothing to freak out
about!
(Usagi) Er, Yaten?
[sighs]
Hurry up, Usagi, don't just
stand there!
Are you enjoying your book,
Yaten?
Not really. But it's a way to
keep girls from coming up and
talking to me...
for no good reason, at least it
usually is.
Ugh. Hmph.
What are you doing?!
For your information, I do
have a good reason!
Yeah, right. Let me guess.
Ahh. I bet someone handed you
a love letter to give to me,
right?
Bingo!
(Yaten) Yeah, I get a lot of
those.
Here.
(Usagi) Aah! What're you doing??
Oh, should I have saved the
plastic bottle for recycling?
Forget the bottle! How can you
throw a love letter in the trash
without even reading it?!
Don't you have any respect for
the courage it took to write it!
It's really none of your
business.
That's not the point!
Yes, that is the point.
Hey, hey, wait! Who does he
think he is?!
Well, he is a teen idol.
That is not the issue!
[sheepish laugh]
(Usagi) He makes me so mad!
Is that why you forgot to ask
him the real question?
I wonder if Yaten also has a
fear of receiving love
letters?
What do you mean, "also?"
Nothing! Forget what I said!
Anyway, we have to confirm if
the cat we saw with Yaten
really was Luna.
It was her, all right.
That lucky cat.
Oh man, I wish I was Luna!
Isn't anyone even a little
worried?
(Luna) I'm fine.
How can you say that, when we
don't know...oh!
[gasps]
[yelp of surprise] Luna!
[chuckles] I'm back.
Where have you been? We've
been worried sick about you!
I'm sorry, I should have told
you. I've been with Yaten all
this time.
I knew it!
Just how did that come about?
Well, you see...
[yawns] What a lovely
afternoon for a nice long nap.
(Seiya) There it goes! There!
What in the world's going on?
[stretching]
[screams/stuttering]
[sighs] That scared the
daylights out of me. What's a
chameleon doing here, anyway?
Oh, man. I just picked it up
from the store.
Once it's hiding in the leaves,
forget it. It'll blend right in,
we'll never find it.
Great, now you've done it.
Hey, don't look at me.
You're the one who took the gig
on "Pets of the Stars," when we
don't even have a pet.
It's all your fault, Yaten.
Who's the one who took it out
of its cage and tried to get
it to stay on his hand?
Let's just buy another one.
It took two weeks for that one
to arrive!
(Seiya) Yeah. It'll never get
here in time.
Then we'll just make do with
something simple, like a dog
or a cat.
A cat?!
What?! You've got to be kidding!
I'm not going to be your second
choice after a chameleon!
Here, kitty.
On second thought, maybe it's
not such a bad idea.
Oh, boy.
Anyone else having deja vu?
Hey, wait a minute!
[grunts]
[sniffs] Why do you smell so
nice?!
Oh. Because we took a bath
together.
Wait, you did what?!
You were in a bathtub with
Yaten??
Can't breathe! [screams]
So if you're a cat, if you're
a cat, then it's okay to take
a bath with him...
and curl up in his bed and get
snuggly under the covers with
him!
Uh, Minako, your nose is
bleeding.
Ok, then I wanna be a cat,
too!
Your mind really does run away
with you
Great work, see you tomorrow!
Ah, there he is.
(Noriko) Oh, Yaten?
Why don't you ever stick
around when we've finished
shooting?
It's that cute teen idol,
Noriko Okamachi, in person!
I just found out you have a
cat, too. They say people who
have cats are the lonely type.
Maybe you're the lonely type,
as well, huh, Yaten?
Noriko can get so lonely without
her Giuliano.
Noriko used to have a Siamese
until a little while ago, but
then she got tired of it.
It wasn't soft and fluffy like a
Himalayan, y'know? What kind of
cat is yours?
Is it some kind of mixed breed?
(Noriko) You should really get a
Himalayan.
[angry growl]
So, what is it you want?
Maybe you didn't know that
Noriko is an excellent cook...
and she'd love to cook something
for you sometime.
So would you like to come home
with Noriko?
Listen.
Yes?
The way you talk really annoys
me.
So stop playing my girlfriend,
we're not on set anymore.
Wo-whoa! Told her.
[insulted grunt/sob] That was
mean. Noriko was just trying
to...
So annoying!
Just shut up! You're not even
close to being my type...
so stop wasting your time and
keep away from me when we're not
working.
That's fine! Go on being a
stuck-up jerk if you want.
You're nothing but a passing
teen idol fad, anyway.
[meow]
Quiet, you! Hmph!
Yeah, that goes for both of
us.
[meow]
Hey. How'd you find me?
(Luna) That smile. Simply
irresistible!
(Seiya) I told you Inky would
come back.
Huh?
What do you mean, "Inky?"
That's a stupid name.
A cat this special deserves a
much nicer name than that,
right?
[meow]
So, what've you named her?
Oh. I haven't decided.
[disappointed sigh]
Well, okay. In that case,
let's stick with Inky?
No way.
(Seiya) Giuliano, maybe?
Speaking of Noriko, did you
say something to her? She
looked really pissed off.
Just told her the truth.
And she tells me you've been
throwing out your fan mail
without even reading it.
What a blabbermouth.
You don't want to do things
that chase away our fans.
I just don't trust them. They
all profess to be in love
with us...
and yet they don't know the
first thing about who we really
are.
It's true. The people of this
world do seem to get quite
passionate about things.
Well, yeah, but call it whatever
you want, insight or
inspiration...
haven't you ever had that
feeling of love at first sight?
What's gotten into you two?
Have you forgotten about her
and the reason we're here at
all?
Who's he talking about?
You really think we should
be wasting our time...
with a bunch of people who don't
possess a true star light?
I don't. She's the only one
I'll accept and the only one I
care about.
We know. That's the whole
reason we're performing.
Right. To find the one and
only woman in the galaxy who
matters to us.
The one and only woman? The
true star light?
I'm telling you, we cannot
trust the people of this
world. Not one of them.
That may be true, but...
Hmm.
She is the only person we need
right now.
[meows]
Good kitty. What a silky coat
you have.
But of course, that's what I'd
expect from your cat, Yaten.
Less talk, okay? Just hurry it
up.
Ahh, that famous frosty
attitude! I love it!
Ugh! I've got more suds on the
inside of me than on the
outside of me. Ahh!
You're almost done. Just a
little longer.
[nervous breathing]
(Groomer) There. Adorable, isn't
it?
Are you kidding me?
Yeah, it's not bad at all.
Well, if he likes it, I guess
I can live with it.
Here she is, and thank you so
much for waiting.
Look at that funny costume
she's wearing!
(Minako) And that love-struck
look on her face!
It's almost like she thinks
he's her boyfriend.
Hey. That's not funny.
If it's between you and Yaten,
I think I know which one she'd
pick.
[annoyed grunt]
There are plenty of other cats
in the sea.
[frustrated grunt]
Look who's coming in!
[gasps]
(Rei) Is that Noriko Okamachi,
the teen idol?
[grunting] That's her, all
right!
(Minako) Oh, I so want her
autograph!
Well, what a surprise! So, I
see you bring your cat here
too, Yaten.
Oh, not you again.
What do you think they're
talking about?
[laughs] Oh, my! What a cute
little outfit your kitty has
on.
(Noriko) In fact, it's a lot
cuter than the kitty wearing it.
What?
I'm so sorry I made the
mistake of trying to ask you
out the other day.
I should have realized. You're
afraid of girls, aren't you?
[grunts]
[angry meow]
Oww!
[gasps] Watch out! Cat fight!
You little! [grunts]
(Nezu) It's Yaten and Noriko,
co-stars of the drama series
"Higashi's Handsome Girlfriend!"
And as we can see...
the cute couple also seem to
have a pretty intimate
relationship off screen as well.
What is this? Who are you?!
I'm Nezu. I'm with Ginga TV.
Ow! You rotten!
Whoopsie, careful now, the
camera's rolling, remember.
That cat! Such a silly!
So tell us, how long have you
and Yaten been dating?
Oh, I wouldn't say we're
"dating." Not yet.
Seriously.
But even so, would it be
accurate to describe your
relationship as an intimate one?
Yaten's leaving.
He's headed for the parking
lot.
What's your secret, Noriko?
Oh, what an embarrassing
question! I don't know.
Maybe my shining star appeal as
a teen idol?
Really. Well then, let's have
a look at the source of your
shining light!
Show your Star Seed to me!
What? Well, I wouldn't call it
a... What's a Star Seed?
Chuu!
Wait! Am I being punked?
[gasps] I'm outta here!
(Mako) Here he comes!
(Noriko) [screams]
[meow]
Hey!
[gasps] Hm.
Oh! Wow, you really surprised
Noriko! There, is that the
kind of reaction you wanted?
[sinister chuckle]
[gasps] Wait a minute. Oh, no!
I think I may be in trouble
here!
[panting]
[meow]
[screams]
[groans]
Oh no, look, we've let all the
birds escape.
Whew! I thought they were all
in my head.
This is no time to worry about
birds!
Yeah, You're right!
Time to transform!
Hm!
Hmph!
[screams] Pretty good
reflexes, huh?
[screams]
Hm?
[sighs]
Nah, forget it.
What good will it do?
Nothing I do will make a
difference.
If I don't find that one
person, the universe, is
doomed!
Wait, where are you going?
My, what a lovely Star Seed!
That has to be it. [screams]
[attack screech]
[screams] No! Bad kitty!
Why? Why would you try to help
Noriko? After she was so mean
to you?
Why, you!
[howl of pain]
[screams]
[gasps]
[exhales]
[catching breath] Now look
what you've done! You've torn
my favorite costume!
Oh, never mind, at least the
Star Seed is finally in my
grasp. [groans]
Oh, come on, this one's no good
either? My horoscope was right
when it said today would suck.
(Usagi) It's about to get a lot
worse!
Ahh! I'll just pretend I
didn't hear that! [grunts]
What was that for?!
That's for hurting one of my
best friends!
How dare you defile a pet
shop?!
What's more, you invaded a
teen idol's privacy!
That's unforgivable!
Yeah, leave invading his
privacy to me!
Venus!
Sorry!
Yeah, well, sorry, but my work
here is done for today.
Unless you want to pay my
overtime, by any chance?
I am the Pretty Guardian!
I meant it about overtime.
Who fights for love and for
justice!
Are you even listening?
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
Whatever. Buh-bye!
Huh?
Guess she got bored.
Your call-out took forever!
She kept interrupting me!
[gasps]
[laughs] Sailor Ojyou, ready
for my close up!
What the?!
With my bright eyes and
perfect smile, I am awesome!
Eek! T. M. I.!
Even when I'm wearing almost
nothing!
Yeah, so what?
I'm saying you girls are out
of shape.
Huh? What? No. I think there's
nothing wrong with our bodies.
Oh. You can do better.
Let me help you. By whipping
you into shape!
You must be a friend of hers?
Well, don't worry. She's only
unconscious.
(Yaten) Look after her, will
you?
It doesn't matter if our goal
to find her still seems so far
away.
I can't let that stop me facing
my destiny. To continue
fighting!
Healer Star Power Make Up!
We're cornered!
[laughing] Now to finish you!
Star Sensitive Inferno!
[screaming/grunting]
[gasps]
The wandering shooting star
that cuts through darkness.
I am Sailor Star Healer! Stage
on!
In honor of that courageous
little cat, I will help you
all just this once.
What cat?
You mean Luna?
This lady will not go down!
Luna. Nice name.
Now, Sailor Moon, do it!
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
[grunting] Beautiful!
[groans]
As much as I hate to admit it,
we may have to rely on your
powers after all.
[gasps] Wait!
Oh, man. Another trip to the
dumpster.
I knew it. He's about to throw
away his love letters again.
Maybe. But Yaten already has a
special someone that he's in
love with.
So love letters from others
don't mean anything to him.
Yeah, but still. Oh shoot!
What? I'm not stalking you or
anything!
G'morning, Luna.
[meow]
She's your cat?
Sort of, yeah.
Drop by again anytime.
Hold on! How come he treats
you so much differently than
he treats me?
Yaten. I hope you find this
special someone soon.
(Usagi) Taiki, is it true you're
gonna be on a cooking show?
(Taiki) Yes.
(Usagi) Then let me teach how to
make my very own Usagi Special!
(Taiki) What's that?
(Usagi) First, you get two loafs
of bread...
then you put peanut butter and
jelly on them, and put them
together!
(Taiki) Isn't that just a peanut
butter & jelly sandwich?
(Usagi) Nope! It's the Usagi
Special!
Next time on Sailor Stars,
"Friend or Foe? Star Lights
and the Sailor Guardians."
The moonlight is a messenger
of love.